== Life Goals
A quick app created for tracking your goals, progress on those goals and collecting resources to help you achieve those goals.

== Why would you make such a thing?
Why would you ask such a thing?

== How does it work?
Glad you asked.  The app is designed to work on heroku out of the box.

Once installed, you will need to create an account and login.  Once you're logged in, simply begin entering the goals you want to achieve in the line provided.

Once you have some goals down, you can open one to view the goal dashboard, there are some cool things you can do on your dashboard:

 - comments: add comments and updates on your progress to reaching that goal
 - Track progress: including a percentage, like "now 50% completed" will update the progress bar of the goal to 50%.  adding "100%" to a comment will mark the goal as completed.
 - Manage Tags: any word with a hash "#" in front of it will add a tag to the goal.  any word with a minus "-" in front of it will remove that tag from the goal.
 - Collect Resources: use the asterisk "*" before a word to store a comment as a resource.  You can have unlimited resource categories.  For example, adding "*websites" to a comment will add that comment to a list called "websites".

== ummmmm....what?
Yeah, I know, it's a lot to take in without a demonstration....

Let's say you have a goal of climbing 3 fourteeners this summer.  YOu could add that goal to the list, then open up the goals dashboard.

Now, let's say you want to get this done by the end of summer, so you write "want to get this done by #summer".  The goal is now tagged with "summer".

Next, let's say you go on your first fourteener, you come home, log in and type: "climbed my first one, now at 30% done".  The goal is now marked as 30% done.

After your next one, you realize this goal might take you longer than you thought, so you write "climbed my second, 60% done.  -summer looks impossible, let's aim for #fall".  The goal is no longer tagged as summer, is now tagged as fall and is marked as 60% done.

Your friend sends you a link to great 14er in your area, so you login and type "Mark just sent me a *website for a mountain: http://really-awesome-mountain.com". That site is now stored under the category "website" and is visible on the top of the page at all times.

Finally, you hike that last 14er, login and type "now 100% done!!!!".  The goal is marked as completed and moved to your archive...on to the next one!

==ummmm....still what?
Don't know what to tell you.  The app is exactly what I needed to track my goals, and is a lot more versatile than you might expect.  Install it and play, let me know what you think and if you have any suggestions.

==Possible road map
Depending on how much my wife and I use it, we've talked about some possible changes.  Things like shared goals are of particular interest.  If you have some suggestions, shoot them my way and I'll see if I can make them happen in my spare time!
